PRAVEEN KUMAR APPARI 
Burgerstrasse 20, 1st Floor, Kirchheim, Heidelberg, 69142 

Germany Email: praveen1812kumar@gmail.com | Contact :+49 17685607848 

 

To, 

The Recruiter, 

SAP Germany 
 

Job Position – Regular Fulltime at SAP 

 
I am excited to apply for fulltime in SAP organization. Presently I am continuing my master Thesis 

with SAP Globalization services – Localization Toolkit Extensibility as I had already done 

working/intern with the same team in S/4HANA Cloud. I am also a self-learner as getting trained in 

SAPUI5/Fiori and ABAP development which drives me into 1 year of business computing modules to 

be experienced the real-time technology in SAP. During this master’s period I had completed with 7 

OpenSAP certification and continuing my further interest even other relative certification to enhance 

real-time exposure. Pursuing higher education has always been a top priority for me as I believe 

specialization in a field is very important from an educational standpoint. As a young and motivated 

individual, I would like to express my interest in working with SAP. I got to know about the application 

through the SAP online job portal. I indulge in culture that made me to learn German language A2 (in 

process) through SAP. I believe that this opportunity will add another dimension to my learning curve 

and my contributions will add value to the company and the team. 

 

My real-time experience with SAP around a year from 2019-20 drives me to latest technologies over 

multiple business computing knowledge (S/4HANA cloud extensibility, ABAP, SAP HANA, SAP 

Analytics, SAP UI5/Fiori, Jira, on-premise) which had ideally completed in my Master subjects. 

• Extensibility utilization of business application as In-app and Side-by-Side for partner/customer 
using technical and functional knowledge in S/4HANA Cloud application. Providing the demo 
for partner/customer in the live system. 

• Utilization of SAP analytics cloud source for branding of Localization features list to public. 

• Self-learning through private online source to get experience in ABAP and SAP UI5/Fiori 
development 

I worked as Oracle ERP Technical Consultant over 2015-17 for modules like orders, procurement, 

Sales and cash management, financials, Receivables, General Ledger. 

• Vast experience in Database as SQL, PLSQL using CRUD operations and packages for oracle 
ERP and cloud application. 

• Experience in RICEWF methodologies in oracle applications. 

• Experience in Migration Documentation creation and good exposure towards MS Office. 

• Experience in software development life cycle for ERP, CRM and SCM modules (Procurement 

– Payment & Order – Cash management, Inventory). 

• Intern experience in Automation testing (QTP) using SQL and manual testing. 

 

I strongly believe that this role will provide me the intellectual stimulation, guidance and creative 

energy to work in the field. I can adapt the technology a better way as I already have prior experience 

with ERP, Middle wares and Database. I am a diligent and a hard- working person and some of my 

strengths include hard work, strong determination, and excellent communication and interpersonal 

skills which is essential to create opportunities.  

 

With the cover letter I have also attached my resume for your reference. In case you need any further 

information, I would be glad to provide you with all the details. I am available via phone and email. 

Looking forward to hearing from you and work with SAP. 

 

Yours sincerely,  

Praveen Kumar Appari 

mailto:praveen1812kumar@gmail.com